Hi Lk,

Sorry to hear about your grandpa. It's never easy. I hope you're coping well.

Glad to hear you liked the second book. As i've mentioned a dozen times before it's a relief just to have someone read it, let alone actually enjoy it and call it satisfying. I admit at first i was worried that you just flat out figured out it was Finn that was behind everything. I know you provided your reasoning, but do you feel you figured it out because of the writing, or more because of elements in the plot? When it comes to mysteries like this i always feel that the mystery should be solvable from the plot provided, rather than through writing tropes or just familaiirites with how people tell a mystery story. I know sometimes i've been able to figure out a mystery just because a particular character was introduced at a particular point, and their very specific level fo involvemet (not too much, not too little) basically marks them as the suspect.

Do you think the mystery is okay as it is, or should i do things to make it a little more buried? I wouldn't aim to make it unfair. I was thinking more along the lines of adding things in order to obfuscate the situation (maybe more of other characters like Talm and Anty, in order to make them appear to be possible suspects).

Also, (because i just want to talk about my own work all day) what did you think of the more darker elements in the book (Olivia's self-harm and breakdown)? I don't think you made any notes about them. Do you think it came across okay? Dealing with issues of mental health feels like it's a minefield in media and literature, so i'm very paranoid that if it comes across as insensitive or naively executed.

Glad you liked the murder planning. I had a certain amount of glee when it came to writing that, especially the utter failure to follow through.

Response response response reponses!

I switched to Google Docs out of convenience. I admit Word is better overall but i tend to switch between a dozen device (home computer, work laptop and two or three mobile devices), so it's just plain easier to work through Google Docs.

Parkour - I loved Mirror's Edge 1, but i only heard bad things about the second one, but i get the feeling that was from reviewers focusing mainly on the campiagn. May have to give it another try. Love games where movement is a huge focus. Celeste is another big favourite of mine for that reason. BOTW is kind of similar but in a different way. Just the option of seeing something in the distance and being able to get to it should a stupid amount of climbing works for me. I got 150 hours on that game and i have to resist the urge to just play it for the sake of wandering around.

Playing the FFVII Remake at the moment. It's... okay. I was a big fan of the original version, so this has been interesting to comapre against. Not sure how familiar you are with the series. It feels like they took every scene from the first five hours of the original and stretched them out. Again, it's okay and fun to play, but i can't deny that the whole thing seems more like i'm completing it out of homage for the original game. Thirty hours in now so i should probably finish it.

